hi i'm peg from you've skipped it i'm
going to show you how to make actually
delicious custard slices they first have
got a sheet of puff pastry here and i'm
just going to sprinkle over some almonds
you don't have to do this if you don't
want to but i think it has nice texture
and it looks beautiful that's great and
i'm just going to dust over some icing
sugar this is going to help the piece to
go all nice and caramelized
a lovely golden brown now I don't want
my puff pastry they have survived too
much so I'm going to put another sheet
of parchment on top of the pastry and
then another baking tray on top of that
then to really compress the layers I've
got two loads tins which I've lined of
baking beans if you don't have baking
means don't worry if you some old rice
or you can do some cans if you wish now
that's ready to go I'm going to put it
in the oven for 30 minutes on a really
high heat so it goes wanted to be
Caroline now repeat this process where
you get your second layer
now my face is lovely and cooked lovely
golden brown I'm going to cut it to the
size of my tin I'm using the base of the
guide and a sharp knife get straight
edges some dispersant is almond tied
down in my tin so I've got all my custom
gradient in my saucepan I'm just going
to turn this on
and I've got my dirt and leaf which I'm
just go soak in some cold water so I'm
just going to whisk all my trust
ingredients together until their second
start cooking is over a low heat the
sugar Tong dissolve if your cluster gets
a little bit lumpy don't worry just
whisk it out it'll be absolutely fine
I guess out of my gelatine and my
customers lovely effect so I'm going to
remove the vanilla pod and going to pour
it over my pastry base smooth out your
custard through evenly covers the pastry
so when I'm making it I like to
individually portion the top of the
pastry so it's easier to cut one step I
like to use a ruler for little bit more
accuracy I'm just going to cut the
pastry in half
and I'm going to cut it into ten slices
push your knife straight through the
pastry so doesn't crack now I'm just
going to place these on top of my
custard
[Music]
they look great I'm going to leave them
in the fridge cassette for four to five
hours or better still overnight these
are set up really nicely in the fridge
so I'm just going to cut them into
individual slices
these are delicious and absolutely
perfect teacher party and that's how you
make custom slices from BBC good food
[Music]